[ie/youtube] Add extractor arg to skip "initial_data" request (#12865)
yt-dlp/yt-dlp: README.md

* `skip`: One or more of `hls`, `dash` or `translated_subs` to skip extraction of the m3u8 manifests, dash manifests and [auto-translated subtitles](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/issues/4090#issuecomment-1158102032) respectively
* `player_client`: Clients to extract video data from. The currently available clients are `web`, `web_safari`, `web_embedded`, `web_music`, `web_creator`, `mweb`, `ios`, `android`, `android_vr`, `tv` and `tv_embedded`. By default, `tv,ios,web` is used, or `tv,web` is used when authenticating with cookies. The `web_music` client is added for `music.youtube.com` URLs when logged-in cookies are used. The `tv_embedded` and `web_creator` clients are added for age-restricted videos if account age-verification is required. Some clients, such as `web` and `web_music`, require a `po_token` for their formats to be downloadable. Some clients, such as `web_creator`, will only work with authentication. Not all clients support authentication via cookies. You can use `default` for the default clients, or you can use `all` for all clients (not recommended). You can prefix a client with `-` to exclude it, e.g. `youtube:player_client=default,-ios`

> * `player_skip`: Skip some network requests that are generally needed for robust extraction. One or more of `configs` (skip client configs), `webpage` (skip initial webpage), `js` (skip js player), `initial_data` (skip initial data. When skipping webpage, configs, and initial_data at the same time, the result JSON data will lose metadata such as uploader, description, view_count, comment_count, etc. This option is only for those who just want to get downloadable formats.). While these options can help reduce the number of requests needed or avoid some rate-limiting, they could cause some issues. See [#860](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/pull/860) for more details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `player_skip`: Skip some network requests that are generally needed for robust extraction. One or more of `configs` (skip client configs), `webpage` (skip initial webpage), `js` (skip js player), `initial_data` (skip initial data/next ep request). While these options can help reduce the number of requests needed or avoid some rate-limiting, they could cause issues such as missing formats or metadata.  See [#860](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/pull/860) and [#12826](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/issues/12826) for more details
```

I think we should keep this brief. We should probably add a section to the wiki with more details on implications at some point (not required for this PR)
